Sm/multiple-flag-bug (#609)
salesforcecli/plugin-deploy-retrieve: messages/commonFlags.md

# commaWarningForTests

The previous version of this command used a comma-separated list for tests. We've changed how you specify multiple tests, so if you continue using your current syntax, your tests will probably not run as you expect. 

%s

# flags.tests.summary

Apex tests to run when --test-level is RunSpecifiedTests.

# flags.tests.description

If a test name contains a space, enclose it in double quotes.
For multiple test names, use one of the following formats:

- Repeat the flag for multiple test names. --tests Test1 --tests Test2 --tests "Test With Space"

> - Separate the test names with spaces --tests Test1 Test2 "Test With Space"

Reviewer: @jshackell-sfdc small inconsistency here. One with a period, one without. Maybe a colon on both?

Reviewer 2: Nice catch!  Yes, let's put colon for both.  Thank you!!

# flags.coverage-formatters.summary

Format of the code coverage results.

# flags.coverage-formatters.description

For multiple formatters, repeat the flag for each formatter.
--coverage-formatters lcov --coverage-formatters clover

# commaWarningForCoverageFormatters

> The previous version of this command used a comma-separated list for coverage formatters. Your coverage results are probably not what you expect

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous version of this command used a comma-separated list for coverage formatters. We've changed how you specify multiple coverage formatters, so if you continue using your current syntax, your coverage results will probably not look as you expect. 
```
